Doing this install on Ubuntu 14.04 LTS.

Prepare DayLog user
======

- Log in as root
- Run apt-get update
- Run apt-get install curl git screen ruby-dev 
- Install nodejs
- Add the user daylog
- Run "adduser daylog sudo"
- Run dpkg-reconfigure tzdata and set the system time as appropriate.

Install RVM
======

- Log in as daylog
- Run "\curl -sSL https://get.rvm.io | bash -s stable --ruby"
- Log out and log back in to ensure rvm is sourced.
- Install the correct Ruby interpreter. As of this writing I'm using Ruby 2.3.3 for DayLog. So run "rvm install 2.3.3"

Clone and install DayLog
======

- git clone "https://github.com/PerryBhandal/DayLog.git"
- CD into DayLog and run "gem install bundle; bundle install"
- Run "rake secret" and replace the value in config/secrets.yml with the generated value for production mode.

Launching DayLog
======

CD into scripts and:

- Run migrateDatabase.sh
- Run compileAssets.sh
- Run launchSite.sh

Updating DayLog
======

- Close the site's screen instance
- Run backupDatabase.sh
- Run updateSite.sh
- Run migrateDatabase.sh (if db changes were made)
- Run compileAssets.sh
- Run launchSite.sh

*** Added to readme on September 5th, 2022 at 1AM. Follow the above to install DayLog, the stuff below is about DayLog's future.
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
More details will come once the software is in better shape. The plan here is:

1) Continue using the existing code and adding new features.
2) I'll make some small improvement to the rails version, like:
  - Being able to paste images in the journals from your clipboard.
  - Making it easier to enter common tasks like flossing, brushing my teeth.
3) Then I'll re-make the software in Django, and write software to translate data from the sqlite database generated by the current version of DayLog and the SaaS version of it. That version will have a native mobile app as well which lets you:
  - Add tracking for how much you lift in the gym.
  - And more...
>>>>>>> 548c0d3e77fa0f70ddde698231346ca04b830290
